you you you
I love the idea of protecting our brain and our thoughts like we do our physical eye, watching sharply for anything which might injure it and not letting even a speck of dust come near.
what we hold most dear, what we see as sacred.
I think this is really an important idea.
I know that's not all that he's talking about there, but this applies to so much of what we're doing.
And it is a really apt analogy for what social media tries to do with your brain.
And the second cup of coffee is here.
The reason why we are starting late is because my son and personal assistant,
brought down a cup of coffee, and then I told him where to put it, and then within 30 seconds, I had punted it like a soccer ball, which was not... Not ideal.
I thought this was so clever.
University of Pittsburgh didn't give a darn.
Hello, Albert.
Good to see you.
We're going to watch a movie together with our friend Mark this morning just for fun.
I've got a cup of coffee.
You should get a cup of coffee if you need one.
It's 1130 here in the Eastern time zone of America where we're trying to make things real again.
I'm very happy to be online with Mark.
It's been a long time since we've done a show together.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
It's 1131 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on the 13th of October, 2024.
We are here in our little hamster wheel, staying focused on the biology, not taking the bait on social media and loving our neighbors as best we can.
I'm really excited to be here with my friend Mark Kulak of Housatonic ITS.
His first YouTube channel was cancelled.
He has a Housatonic No.
2.
He's also on Rumble.
He's also on BitChute.
He's also archiving on our own Peertube channel.
That's all really great.
And we are fighting the same charlatans.
It's actually Mark Kulak that I give a mountain of credit for, for opening my eyes to how far back the bench goes, if you will, back in time, the bench goes and how far back these charlatans go in terms of mentors.
where these ideas have ultimately come from.
And so in formulating my own response to this, I would like you to encourage your kids to learn the biology about intramuscular injection so that they understand that any combination of substances injected that way with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
that transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent.
And most of their biology professors at school should have known an RNA cannot pandemic again.
You know, maybe ask your biology professor about that.
The mystery virus doesn't equal excess deaths.
They expected these excess deaths.
And in fact, they needed to use these excess deaths, makes excuses about them.
Otherwise, they would have cost these Western nations a tremendous amount of money.
Do you know why there was no evidence of spread of COVID in
And in Africa, it's because they didn't have the age problem.
And do you know why there are no lawyers that are really speaking and winning about this?
Because they're making the wrong arguments.
We need a new consensus about the vaccine schedule, about transfection, and about RNA.
And we need to break this illusion of consensus that we're trapped in by starting to ignore these people and stopping the skillful use of social media amongst our citizenry, amongst our friends, amongst our communities.
It's all got to stop.
or this new kind of totalitarianism will take root and our children will be enslaved by it.
That's what I believe.
That's what I think is really coming.
And so if you want to help us fight against it, you've got to start teaching your kids to get off of social media, even Snapchat.
and teach them that these weaponized piles of money use those military programs to get us to argue about stuff that benefits them and doesn't benefit us.
And if we surrender to this model of quote-unquote free speech, the enslavement is all but assured.
Ladies and gentlemen, you're listening to a almost lifelong biologist.
I didn't know what I wanted to be, a doctor.
And then I taught high school for a while, trying to get into med school.
And then I got into bench biology and I thought, oh my gosh, I found my dream job.
And then for about 15 years, I chased it all around the world.
and pictures like this are about all I've got left besides what's on NIH, National Library of Medicine, and the biology that I did learn.
The skills that I did develop in terms of reading and understanding how the language in science is formulated in such a way that amongst scientists it's fine, but if you take that language and start
and start taking it literally, it becomes a very big world of exaggeration and overstatement.
Because it's okay to do that in a grant application, it's not okay to do that on TV, and yet that's where we are.
If you want to find the work that we are doing, stream.gigaohm.bio is a good place to look.
And, uh, I'm not really sure what else to say other than we're gonna keep working as hard as we can to put out as much, you know, worthwhile content as possible.
It's become clear to me, it's become clear to Mark, um, that, you know, I'm just gonna toot, toot Mark's own horn here, if, so to speak.
Um, but, I would, I would go so far as to say, um, that... Why didn't that work?
Is that not on?
Let's see here.
Why don't I have that right?
Why isn't this... Where's my... What the?
Oh, I switched to the wrong one.
Duh!
So I would go so far as to say, sorry that's not the camera, this is the camera.
I would go so far as to say that Mark Kulak, if you look at Mark's website, Housatonic ITS, and you look at the database and the wiki or whatever you want to call it that he's made, the archive of work that he's done, the quality of research that he's done, his ability to go down a path for a while and then realize that maybe this isn't
have fruitful path or maybe these people aren't who I'm supposed to look at or his ability to look at things that other people are looking at, you know, and seeing different things.
Mark makes one of the best shows on the internet and nobody watches it.
Mark makes one of has and maintains one of the best archives of objective
newspaper articles organized in some useful way, you know, I don't understand how it is possible that someone can produce so much obviously quality work and then also, you know, an occasional podcast or a video and be such of high quality all by himself and nobody watches.
And I don't understand what's going on, but I do have to tell you that between Mark and I, I think there's two very high quality programs and very high quality streams of information being produced.
And if you are going to surrender your attention and your conscious thoughts to a screen, I think the independent bright web of Mark and I is at least a refuge in the grand scheme of an ocean of malevolence.
um and so this morning what i was hoping to do was uh let me switch over here and here that should be me down there and then let me escape out of here and oh there he is finally a little bored sorry about that mark i had to do some kind of introduction um welcome to the show sir you gotta unmute i think i have
Hmm.
Oh, I got you.
I hear you.
I can hear you.
I'm listening.
I'm listening to you through the live stream.
Oh, okay.
I see.
Okay.
Um, did you know that the craftsmen who built the pyramids all had haircuts?
Oh wow, nice.
Nice.
Wow, I didn't know that.
I didn't know this, but Bill Barr's dad, as part of this How and Why book in the 1960s, taught America's schoolchildren that the, what they call that, the bowler, the bowl haircut was in.
I think that's what they modeled.
I think they modeled the Empire's helmets after that too.
Like, wow.
And this is funny.
Was he the artist?
Was he the artist or just a consultant?
He was the editor and he was the writer.
The illustrator was a Robert Doremus.
And of course, all the,
Chinese people who built the Great Wall look exactly the same.
Every single guy had exactly the same haircut, beard.
I mean, nobody can tell them apart.
Nobody can tell them apart.
Regardless of age.
One guy was 18.
The other one was 57.
All look the same.
Wow.
I love this unintentional racism of the past.
Yeah, uh-huh.
He makes Dr. Seuss look very innocuous.
Why don't you use the Zoom audio then?
What kind of amateur hour is this?
Have you never been on somebody's program before?
Your audio is not coming through my Zoom.
Oh, maybe I'm muted.
Hold on a second.
Let me get my boneheaded plate.
Oh, no, my audio is fine.
It looks like it's transmitting.
I can see it.
It's green.
Can't hear you.
Hello.
You can't hear me.
I can hear you.
And through your Zoom, I'm only getting you through the Zoom.
You want to start over and come back or something?
I don't know.
I can start the meeting over again.
I can see the audio going green on my Zoom window, so I think I can hear you.
And you should be able to, in theory, hear me.
I hear you or your show audio through zoom is your audio.
Oh, maybe I have the air.
Hold on one second.
We'll see if I can fix this.
Let's see.
Audio musicians sound for musicians off.
How about that?
How do you hear it now?
Test one, two, nothing yet.
Nothing yet.
Wow.
That's weird.
Um,
I think you should go out of the meeting and come back in.
I think that's the most, because I can hear you through Zoom.
All right.
I'm going to come back in.
Yep.
I got to turn my camera off before it goes bananas.
So let's see.
I got this guy over here, right?
Yeah, and I can get that ready to go.
Was this a good movie?
I doubt it.
It's probably not a very good movie.
And then I'll pause this.
And then I will, um, did I pause that?
Yes, I did.
And then I can go back over here and there's Mark.
Can you hear me now, sir?
Test one, two test one, two.
I see you.
I saw it on the screen up there.
No, I saw it on the thing back there.
Wait, wait, wait.
Try it.
Test one, two test one, two.
I see it on the screen back there.
Darn.
Why isn't that not working?
Try it again.
Test one, two, this is Jay, hello, hello.
Okay, okay, now it works, yep, good.
That was actually partially my fault.
It's all good, I was just teasing you, you know.
You haven't been in front of your desk in a little while.
Did you have a good, it wasn't really a break, you were still posting video.
Well, once you're on a streak of however many consecutive days, you might as well just keep going.
And how many days am I at right now?
I don't know.
I've lost track.
But let's try to go for 100 consecutive days of posting content.
Why not?
Wow.
OK.
I don't think that's going to be very challenging for you.
Well, once you just get into a groove, you realize that.
It's just, you can just click the camera at any time.
There's just so much stuff to do.
Even if it's just, there's just thousands of articles.
There's thousands of things to read that, that most people don't even know exist that I don't, that I forget exists myself.
So you just get comfortable to the point where you just, you just, yeah, you can just roll out of bed, you know, change your shirt and just turn on the camera and you just don't care after a while, you know?
And I'm having a lot of fun with that.
It was a very busy trip.
It was a good trip.
Good to have that time, you know, everyone together away from the house.
But it's wonderful to be back.
and I've watched a little bit of this Vax3.
And by the way, I don't think anyone does the show production that you do for a single, for a single show.
I mean, I have some tricks, some, you know, like my video covers set up and sometimes I'll play some music, which of course is, I have no permission to play whatsoever.
And you put it together and it gives you illusion that it's more put together.
But I don't have like,
all of the repetitive reminders, the messages that you do on Upon a Startup.
You forget after a while that you're just one person with a whole ecosystem of a family around you that you still need to balance and you're doing it.
We don't exactly know how many people work for a lot of other shows, but as you've picked up every once in a while, you hear someone say that they have a staff
You're like, staff?
Other people have staffs?
There's no staff here.
I mean, sometimes your wife will help out or someone will help me with a task, but that's it.
I can't even imagine what a well-meaning, hardworking, independent person could do if they suddenly had a staff of, I don't know, five people or two people
for a month or two.
I couldn't even imagine.
It would be so scary.
Exactly.
I said this the other day on social media, which I don't know why, it just dawned on me, but at a certain moment you have enough money
to pay people to make money for you.
And so if we even had just somebody whose day was spent trying to get more attention to our website, it would actually double our current output because we can't do it.
We don't have time to do it.
I mean, on the other hand, though, I have to say that I think that there is the possibility that
this level of
integrity that we are establishing with this track record of just getting online and being able to hold our own is in the long run going to set us apart in a way that a lot of these people cannot set themselves apart if they were chosen and given seed money or given an editor or given some social media coach or just a person to promote them on several other websites.
I don't know how it is
that someone can start a podcast and suddenly have their shorts on Instagram and Spotify audio only and this and that and it just appears every time they do it is not possible to do by yourself.
It's just not.
It's certainly not on a daily basis.
And so I think
In a way, the switch to, we're just gonna produce as often as possible and screw all the marketing and screw all the editing and screw all the, I mean, you do really nice thumbnails, but I think you've been doing so many of them, you're just getting really good at it.
You just get into a habit.
You pick a couple of pictures, you throw one at an angle, right?
You have a standard font, you use the Google Slides to change the color tones, and that's it.
And sometimes you don't even know what it is.
I don't even have show titles sometimes when I start.
You know how it is.
You want to start making a show about one idea, and then it morphs into something else because there's something that you really wanted to talk about, but you don't even know that until you start.
So you just roll with it, and then you have an archive.
I mean, right now I have a couple word files that I use as a bench.
In other words, like you get there and you're like, oh, wow, that's another show, but I can't do that now.
Otherwise I won't finish what I'm working on.
So I throw that over into that word file and that word file is almost never opened because I don't have time to go backwards.
It's crazy.
I just find where we are almost absurd at this point.
And I know that you also probably saw it because I made you watch it yesterday with this musical from Mickey Willis.
But these kinds of things now really feel awful because it shouldn't be where we are five years after a
fake crisis that these people at the same time are willing to characterize as an attack and a lies.
But then they're able to make fun of it and make light of it and then also horribly misrepresent the bouquet of evil that was done with a musical that just made it about masks and multiculturalism.
It was so bizarre to me.
And so I don't have any high hopes for Vaxxed, but yeah, it's just... Yeah, the musical, it's gross.
It's not really... I'm not surprised by anything in it, though.
It's almost what I would have expected.
No confessions.
It's I don't have the words for it.
No, it's it's exactly what I would have expected.
And we can see how stubborn they are to not talk about or even just spend a few minutes on something other than masks and depopulation.
And there's an unwillingness to do that.
And so
at all.
but several hundred thousand dollars plus the promotions and effort for that to talk about masks.
Masks were the least of the issue.
And I texted you this earlier, Jay.
I don't even think masks were meant to be part of the operation.
I think that it was something in the background.
And I think that the Nationalist Party of China screwed over the system by suddenly having people stop dying.
and they suggested it was masks.
I think that was the first big, you know, 28 pound monkey wrench and no one knew what to do with it.
That, you know, masks were never meant to be part of the story.
And then suddenly you had to have people come up and you're like, well, maybe it didn't start in a cave.
Maybe it started in the United States and went to China.
Maybe it's this, maybe it's that.
They were coming up with all these stories.
We should make the focus triple masking, quadruple masking, no masking.
It was so stupid.
I will actually give them the benefit of the doubt, okay, that they couldn't have possibly expected something that stupid to be the anchor of all the arguments.
But that's, I think, how it started.
What?
How else do you explain it?
China?
That's it.
No more people dying.
So I got to show.
Do you really think that that's what their story was going to be?
That's it.
No more people dying.
I got to read you something that somebody sent me in a photocopy from their grandmother's diary.
And it is about the Spanish flu, because I really, I know that you're a very big enthusiast of this history and how the numbers have continued to increase over time.
And I think it's possible, honestly, that cloth, cotton,
moist masks could actually be dangerous to wear for hours and hours on end, especially if you don't wash them, and especially if you already are sick.
And so I'm not suggesting that, I just think it's very interesting.
So let me see if I can put this over.
No, that's not the right one.
Before you even say that, sometimes we have, there's a lot of mosquitoes in this area of New England, especially during the high season.
So I'll actually wear some head netting if I'm doing a lot of work outside.
And just, I mean, head netting is not a mask, right?
It's just meant to keep mosquitoes out of your face.
And just that alone, okay, if I wear it for a few hours, I can actually, it actually starts to feel like my body's telling me that it's not safe to keep it on anymore.
Like I've been breathing through it too long.
These people don't wear bee suits, you know, for 10 hour shifts.
Even though, you know, it's not like, they're not N95 masks, but even just that, your body tells you, it's like, you start to feel icky.
Like you're breathing in something that's distasteful, your body's telling you.
Take off the freaking shield, man.
You know, breathe some fresh air.
No, that's why I'm saying it, and that's why I'm bringing it up, because this leads me to this other idea, and I know you're very familiar with it, but if you're wearing a mask all day and then you're using this as a way of evaluating, and that would be a pulse oximeter,
If you're using a pulse oximeter to evaluate your health while you're wearing a mask all day, I can see that as being a very, very quick recipe for, I better go to the hospital.
Um, and that frightens me a lot.
So this diary is really interesting.
It says, um, it turned much cooler and has snowed a bit for the last three days.
It reminds me of the first armistice day, November 11th, 1918, everybody going outside.
I had to wear masks over.
their nose and mouth like this and she draws a picture with white it says there and then little these these behind the ears it ties behind the ears it says um i've even put one on our dog and it was a day like this cold i was about 11 years old the mask was supposed to prevent spanish influenza but we all got it and thousands died with it
so and so i think that's a person was buried in the today and the weather was so anyway that's the end of the little thing the weather was much like today anyway it's funny because
They all got the flu and many thousands died of it.
I think she probably means from the perspective of the newspaper, thousands have died from it.
I don't think she means like she knew thousands of people.
But anyway, it's just interesting because I really think that the masks are in any scenario, probably a bad idea.
And I don't know if it's...
I mean, I think also from the perspective of, you know, this is going to sound weird, but I had a CHD, I met someone at the CHD thing in,
in Georgia.
And she was this one of these two ladies that had gone on stage with the big green suit that was all blown up.
I don't know if you saw those ladies, but they were environmental workplace OSHA kind of people.
And, you know, so they were masters of masks and masters of protecting people from chemicals at the workplace and whatever.
And they came on to tell
how there are all these regulations about how long you can wear an N95 mask and why you can't wear it longer and why it needs to be changed and why they have all these regulations.
And so it strikes me as somewhat interesting that there are professionals out there who I've heard testify about the
the health hazard that masks represent and how well we know about it based on the fact that there are professional painters and auto mechanics and all these other people who need to wear respiratory protection at different times, and they're all warned about the potential hazards of long-term use of these things.
So to me, it is... Oh, go ahead.
We're not, we didn't evolve to need to wear masks, you know, and other non-breathable protective clothing.
Now, if you were working with something that was very acidic or, you know, a really bad chemical, if you had to wear really thick gloves, right, protect your hands and your wrists or whatever, you're better off wearing the gloves than working directly with battery acid.
But that said, if you had those gloves on for 12 hours and you don't breathe out of your hands, your hands are gonna be disgusting.
Your skin is gonna be wrinkled up.
You could actually get infections.
You are not designed to wear non-breathable clothing or especially non-ventilated masking.
But in certain conditions, it's better than the alternative in a short period of time.
If you were working on a ship in the 1918 filled with animals that were probably sick, and if you needed to go into the non-ventilated area and feed them, you're probably better off wearing a mask, you know, for an hour with all these animals, 20%, which would probably die of a bacterial infection, pneumonia, than you are just walking around there without a mask.
So everything, it's like, you know, everything has a benefit and a cost.
You have to weigh the two.
This is every single thing in life.
And just this thought that you should just wear a mask all day long, regardless, is as stupid as, I don't know, it's like, you know, putting a baby in a bulletproof vest and just having, they have to stay in it till they die, or I don't know, these are just, these are stupid things.
You have to weigh off the benefits and the costs of every one of these things.
And the, I wonder, I never looked into this, but,
chemical warfare was a big consideration in the World War I. I wonder what the conditions of those breathable masks were, of how those things were designed.
If those actually created situations where either horses or people, they actually have pictures of horses wearing those gas masks for World War I. If you wear those long enough, that can cause any
or to the mounts that were using them, bacterial infections.
I never looked into that.
I never thought about that possibility.
But yeah, and you don't let, as you showed that apocalyptic movie, you don't let a catastrophe go to waste.
You don't let a hurricane happen without giving people the idea that maybe the government can steer the weather.
It's a horrible hurricane and people, instead of being like, wow,
you know, these are one of the costs of living in Florida and maybe we should, you know, change zoning laws so people don't live within 10 feet of flood zones or something like that.
People are like, well, I guess the government can control the weather, create nukes, have gain of function viruses and artificial intelligence.
Let's just add to the fear pile instead of having a rational conversation about the fact that, you know, there's some areas that have some pretty harsh weather and some areas that don't.
It's it's exactly the same thing.
It drives me it drives me bananas so and anyways Vax three, baby.
Yeah, Vax three.
I'll hit play and you know, we'll see what happens We don't have to watch the whole thing.
I have a hard stop at like What is it 12 now?
I have a hard stop at like 12 or 130 I don't know how long you got but I mean we don't have to watch the whole thing.
Just go here here here here
And I got the chat over here so I can respond to some chat messages.
Nice, nice, nice.
While it's going.
And where is this?
And so what I find already striking is that they didn't start with the fact that we told you in Vaxxed One.
We warned you in Vaxxed 2, and now here is Vaxxed 3.
You know, like they could have done it.
They got the water here.
There's no shark theme, but.
Now, that's an interesting thing to start with.
They don't really tell you what those protocols are that kill them.
They mislead.
They won't say oxygen.
No.
I think they do say vents, not to be a, not,
not to give out spoilers, but I think they say vents, but they'll never say oxygen.
But the vents are not the answer.
We've already figured that out.
That's definitely not the answer.
Correct.
Oh, maybe the volume's not up.
Sorry.
My bad.
New cases from entering our shores.
Thanks.
We will be suspending all travel from Europe to the United States.
120,000 known cases in 114 countries.
And things will get worse than they are right now.
We are in a national emergency.
Back to normal.
That's what people want to know.
When does that happen?
The only thing that will really allow life as we once knew it to resume is a vaccine.
This will be the new normal.
until a vaccine is developed.
You have to get about 70 to 85 percent of the population vaccinated.
If you get that many people vaccinated, you will have what we call an umbrella or a blanket of herd immunity.
That means the vaccines will get us to
Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait what?
Hold on a second, I couldn't find the space bar.
Shit.
What did you miss?
I was just typing the paper.
Number 159, Andrew Holland Kaufman.
Okay.
Interesting name there.
Andrew Holland Kaufman.
That is a tremendous weird name to me, but okay, whatever, I'm sorry.
I just, I had to, I couldn't believe I saw it.
I'm mad.
The absurdity of what we live through is, it's just, it's really unfathomable to me.
The world went mad.
They went completely mad, but they weren't mad.
because of unrelenting... Corey is the second person?
Yeah, he was about to say, the second person they slapped on the screen is Corey in his tan glory.
That's really amazing.
None of it made any sense.
Children playing instruments inside tents, wearing masks, and they're blowing into horns.
Like, you go to a restaurant, you wear a mask, you take it off, and you eat and you breathe.
None of it made sense.
A lot of this started with fear, right?
That's how...
So this I have.
And I was frankly shocked.
This I have a problem with too, because I think that this person shouldn't be the lawyer that's doing it.
That should be like Rolf Hazlehurst or somebody.
She's like relatively new, Kim.
I don't even, yeah, anyway, I think it's sketch.
And they wore the masks and they stood six feet apart and they stayed locked down in their house and they took the shot.
That was easy.
Friends star Jennifer Aniston is cutting ties with people in her life who are unvaccinated.
We have to stop coddling the moron.
That guy's awesome.
Get the shot.
He makes me happy.
He's so hilarious.
Oh, my gosh.
You now it's mandatory to get vaccinated.
Their freedom.
I want my freedom to live.
They are all snowflakes and idiots.
It's just hilarious to me.
I just want to say to all of you cowards out there, don't be such a chicken squat.
If you're willing to walk among us unvaccinated, you are an enemy.
The persecution worked and people that I knew that I thought would never get a vaccine ended up getting a COVID shot.
Those of us who got the vaccine, we know, you know, look, now I can stand here with my mask off and have this conversation with you.
A vaccinated person gets exposed to the virus.
Vaccinated people do not carry the virus, don't get sick.
We get to herd immunity.
I mean, the important thing to notice here is that these are all old hits, right?
This video could have been made in 2022.
This is not like... Not by letting everybody get infected.
People are believing the information that they're being fed.
They're not questioning.
They're trusting the sources where it's coming from.
And those sources are not to be trusted.
And he's the president emeritus of FLCCC.
I mean, I don't like to make fun of people.
Doesn't it look like someone is rolling him up from the feet and the blood is just getting closer and closer to the skull?
I think he's just tan.
It's just like a Willy Wonka character.
uh it to me it's just really yeah i don't i don't i don't understand it i don't wow it's it's mind-blowing to me prior to covid and so what i was going to say was is that he is the professor president emeritus used to be the president of flccc we found out a year and a half ago that he was taking a quarter million dollars a year from that organization as a salary
And that organization is the one that published the protocol at the beginning of the pandemic that included seeking help at a hospital if you had a pulse ox lower than, I believe, 96, but it might've been 94.
And whatever, that's crazy.
And that's the same guy who said that we're running out of oxygen and people's pulse ox is below 80 and it's everybody in the hospital, even though he didn't arrive in New York until the peak was over.
Anyway, I'll just... Those sources.
It's a shorter list to tell you what was true than, you know, to tell you about all the lies.
Everything was a lie about the vaccine, about the masks, about the tests, about the lockdowns, about school closures, about the safety, about the efficacy.
The government was lying, the media was lying, and they're still lying.
They're telling us the unvaccinated are dying in hospital.
They're telling us the unvaccinated are spreading this disease.
Everything we were told was a lie.
There were so many lives during COVID.
It was just wave after wave after wave.
All these things that don't add up.
So there's only one thing left for us to do.
We need to get a bus and get back out on the road and find out for ourselves what is going on.
Because only the people will tell us the truth.
We knew that from the last bus.
So it was time to get back out again.
So on the first bus, we started to sign the names.
We were honoring the people that had been injured or killed by vaccinations.
And these were approved vaccinations on the first tour.
So we'd sign the names on the bus and it would fill the bus up.
I think that bus had been incredibly- So they didn't mention the movie.
They just mentioned the bus, which is also really weird.
I didn't know there was a second bus.
That was a first bus.
This is the second bus.
Yeah, I didn't know they had more than one bus.
I was wondering how they managed the real estate on the bus.
I mean, it's the first bus.
I mean, it was it was a incredibly powerful tribute and something to as part of an exhibition to show, right, or exhibit.
It was very powerful.
But and I always wondered, like, well,
I thought the first one was just about filling up.
And I don't know if they had rules about where to write things on the second bus.
I didn't know there was a second bus.
Did they say when they introduced that?
Um, no, I think they're talking about the first bus from Vaxxed and then this is the second bus that they did for COVID.
So they got a new bus for this movie to redo the bus theme from the first movie.
I think that's what they mean.
Important in uncovering the extent of vaccine injury.
So we went to children's health events and said, we need.
See, I just, I'm sorry, but I find this very disappointing because again, this is their time to shine, to say that we've been fighting the previous vaccine schedule because we know that that's already a problem.
And this is a new one, but they're, they're so inept at, at, at.
had accurately portraying what they claim is their legacy of fighting this.
I just, I'm, I am not, I'm no longer thinking that this can be done just because they're not very good at it.
This is the same as the not nearly sharp enough Aaron Seery complaint list that we looked at yesterday.
I feel like you're just missing a huge opportunity, especially five years after the door opened.
And they said yes.
See the bus for the first time.
There it is!
There she is.
Still not really teaching anybody anything yet.
We managed to fund the bus and we're able to get out on the road.
I must add, in much more style than the last bus.
Are we live?
Excellent.
We're live here in Houston, Texas, with a huge announcement.
It's a long awaited.
So much hard work behind the scenes to make this happen.
So we here at Children's Health Defense are going to go back out on the road.
In September, we are going to push on through and speak to every single one of you.
What have you been through?
We are Children's Health Defense.
What have your children been through, through COVID, through all of the issues that we've had over these last few years?
We want to hear all of your stories.
So the first thing we did was we turned up at an event.
And it wasn't the beginning of the tour.
It was just a little surprise visit.
We are live at a secret location.
I cannot tell you where we are.
There were droves of vaccine injured.
So that's when I was thinking, OK, we really are going to go out there and hear just tons of COVID or vaccination injuries and death.
You are now going to see who is going to be our number one.
Come on in.
Tell everyone who you are.
My name is Ernest Ramirez.
I'm the father of Ernesto Ramirez Jr.
And I'm honored to be here with you, Polly.
We're thrilled.
Children's Health Defense unanimously chose you.
You're brave in the way you speak out about your son.
Tell everybody briefly.
We do know your story, but there may be some watching that do not.
What happened to your son?
Well, being a single parent, I was concerned with the COVID.
And they lied to us, said it was safe and effective.
So we went to get the vaccine.
And five days later,
After his first dose of Pfizer, he died suddenly.
He just collapsed.
And the government denies it.
Everyone, no one wants to admit to the wrongdoing.
And it just, I was upset.
I got suicidal.
The good Lord put me in this path to try to protect other children.
So I do this to honor my son.
And I know he'd want me to protect other kids.
But that's the reason I do this.
We have to protect one another.
Yes, we do.
Would you sign your son's name as number one, please, on the Children's Health Defense bus?
We filled it up quite a few, I mean, 2025, just from that small visit of COVID deaths and injuries.
We went back, we got the bus ready, and we were- Did she say COVID deaths and injuries, or did she say, it didn't sound like she said vaccines, and this is starting to annoy me.
COVID deaths and injuries.
See?
Yeah, and I mean, I know you aren't, and I'm not questioning.
I mean, we have no reason to, of course, question the
chronological timeline of that.
He took that vaccine, he died, the son did, but, and I'm sure, I have no reason to doubt that there's a causal relationship there, but are we talking about the fact that the vaccine was bad or why did he take it in the first place?
Was it even necessary?
That's such a huge part of it here.
Was it necessary?
Yeah, because the lie is not just that they said that it was safe, but that it was necessary, that they had a coordinated group effort to make sure that we thought it was necessary, to make sure that Ernesto was scared enough to think that he had to give it to his kid.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
And they murdered people in America in order to create that illusion.
I guess they probably murdered people in a lot of places.
I know they murdered my father-in-law just by saying they didn't have enough people in the fricking hospitals to take care of him.
But they did this all over the world where they had these, you know, inconvenient old people, I guess.
I mean, I'm just, I'm shocked right now that,
that, well, I'm not either.
I didn't put that together.
It was my father-in-law, who was actually my wife's stepdad.
He died.
Now, he wasn't young.
He was 81.
But he was reasonably healthy.
And then after a year of taking those shots, his health had rapidly deteriorated.
I think that there was a causal connection there, but again, you can't just say, well, everything would be great otherwise, but I suspect that he would have had a few more years to be there with his wife if it wasn't for that, and he didn't even need to take those in the first place.
so a lot of these stories and injuries we went back we got the bus ready and we were ready to go we set the tour we had it all figured out where we're gonna go and we officially launched so everybody we will be live on chd.tv sign up for the bus alerts and we'll be going live tomorrow with stories we're on the road we're going out
Think about how powerful it would have been if that big sign said COVID transfections injure and kill people instead of COVID vaccines.
I mean, so many opportunities missed.
Well, most people would have said, what's that?
What's a transfection?
Oh, no.
And then they'd have to explain it.
Oh, my goodness.
Yeah, then you have to have the conversation.
But the conversation never happens because people never use the word.
Right.
So after you get the shot, you're told to go wait in a chair for about 20 minutes.
The lady's like, Natalie, you're free to go.
And I was like, no, I said, no, I'm not.
I was like, my heart rate is, sorry.
Within 15 minutes, I noticed that I was starting to slur my words.
40 minutes after I took that shot, I felt like I was on fire inside.
I'm gonna go so far as to say that if Polly was really serious, then every one of these adults that came in saying that, oh, I got hurt by the shot, she would have slapped him in the face and said, now, can you imagine that they've been doing this to children and you didn't know it?
that the vaccine schedule in America is just as shitty, has just as much sort of forceful nature behind it, just sort of do it, sit down and take it.
It's the same thing, and they do it to children using school mandates, and my child was injured by it, Mary's child was injured by it, and you have to wake up now.
but instead they make it all about their suffering and their experience and let them wallow in it instead of, and using it as a cognitive wake-up call to say, hey, guess what?
It ain't just you.
You're not the first person to figure out that the public health system is you being used against us, weaponized against us.
It's been that way for a decade.
Why don't they say that to these people?
Like fire from within.
Like my skin was on fire.
Imagine if a two-year-old has its skin on fire from an injection, and what can they say?
What can a six-month-old baby say?
I mean, come on, this pisses me off.
Down to my toes.
I think it's O-I-S-I-N-H in appendix.
My knees started buckling.
I'm back.
But they don't discuss the difference.
Well, they point.
Within three hours, I was in the hospital.
My left side just drooped.
you could see my whole left side of my face would drip.
I still can't.
I think in some ways, the goal, if people allow it to happen is for people to think still these people to think that these new vaccines have these effects, but the old ones don't.
I mean, I think if they come to that conclusion, nobody at CHD is going to go, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That's not the right way to think.
Just like when Steve Kirsch was asked by Stu Peters, Hey, so you don't think anybody should take any vaccines anymore?
He goes, no, no, no, no, no.
That's not what I mean.
Someday we might have good vaccines.
And so I just, I feel this is mealy-mouthed.
I feel like there's, again, an opportunity.
There's a tee and there's a ball on it.
And instead of hitting the ball out of the park, they just kind of knock it off the tee, or they accidentally kick the tee and knock off the ball, or they, you know, it's just some, it's ineptitude.
Smile.
And then I started having a seizure.
Have you ever had seizures before?
No.
I'm previously healthy.
My blood sugar was over 1,400.
My organs were failing.
I told my husband I wasn't going to make it.
You know, they were like, how long has she been a diabetic?
And he's like, never.
Like, she's not a diabetic.
My throat is tingling, and I'm covered in humps.
She says we can't give her intravenous Benadryl.
We can't give her intravenous steroids because it will stop the vaccine from working.
Well, I asked him, well, should I get the next one?
He said, yeah, either that or die from COVID.
You gotta be kidding me.
I just had a stroke.
That following morning, I had the worst, most irritable pounding in my head.
Like, bah, bah, bah.
Shaky, weak, uneasy, shortness of breath, random chest pain.
My memory was shot.
Short-term memory, long-term memory.
A couple of days later, I had tremor.
What happens if a two-year-old's memory is shot or they have a pounding headache?
I don't understand how we're not using this as an opportunity to dunk on this.
And it's just shocking to me.
It's in all four of my limbs.
My talking was just all crazy.
I was very disoriented and dizzy.
Come to find out they think it was a mini stroke.
And then from that day on, so this is a week, seven days after my vaccine, I was having three or four seizures every single day.
I was getting hospitalized, like, every other week because of my chest pains.
I left there nine days after being admitted with a non-working pancreas, on steroids, on beta blockers.
Chronic inflammation, demyelination, polyneuropathy.
I have tinnitus, heart palpitations, tremors.
Tremors, you know, my chest was burning, dizziness.
I had Guillain-Barre, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome, pericarditis.
Myocarditis.
myocarditis.
It's an inflammation and damage of the heart muscle known as myocardium.
This inflammation can reduce my heart's ability to pump blood.
It can also cause chest pain, shortness of breath, and rapid or regular heart rhythms, which fits perfectly with what I was experiencing back in California and even now.
It was just crazy, the craziest symptoms.
During my menstrual cycle, I have huge clots that I've never had before.
A long blood clot in my sinuses.
This is the bottom of my lung that is filled with blood.
That's the day.
Yeah.
Every time that I see a specialist or see someone new in the health or medical field that acts as if they're trying to help me and figure this out, they just push me off to the next person.
And I've already reclotted once.
Those are my eyes.
This is a huge,
tumor about the size of a softball behind my eye.
They said it was the most aggressive cancer that they've seen.
I bet that hurt.
Oh my gosh.
I bounced around from hospital to hospital because nobody ever seen this type of tumor before.
It's usually found in little kids and also dogs post rabies vaccinations.
interferon is one of the most important chemicals that many of our cells make.
There's a type one interferon.
And this particular spike protein from this virus decreases that interferon, which when that spike protein is present, those cells
suppress that interferon, and now it can't recruit your other immune cells to fight off important things, like cancer.
I'm David Rastig.
And what do you all think?
Jay, Jay, is there any truth to what he just said?
Oh my gosh.
I mean, he just had a whole lot of information there.
And I'm not in a position, I don't question things I can't understand.
Well, I was going to say something, but I just kind of, I don't know what to do anymore.
Oh, please, what were you going to say?
What he's saying there was also something that was reported in 2021 about COVID, that COVID was causing people to make anti-interferon antibodies.
And so this was a story that was told... Anti-interferon antibodies.
Yeah, and interferon is a intracellular signal, well, it's an extracellular signal.
Cells release it supposedly when they are virally infected.
So when they're...
Again, you have to kind of realize that as I talk, I'm still trying to sort out the virology from immunology.
And right now, immunology accepts the idea or goes with the idea that interferon is released by cells that are
hijacked by viruses.
And so, the idea is that the spike protein binds to interferon, but it can also cause you to make antibodies which overlap with interferon.
And so, if your body's making antibodies to interferon, then interferon can't stimulate the immune system.
And so, it doesn't really jive either with the idea of a cytokine storm.
So, if you can't activate your immune system with interferon, I don't know how you get a cytokine storm.
Anyway,
I just find it frustrating because it's such a simplified version of what Interferon does, where it's released.
And so it's hard for me to argue with them because I know that they're standing on a bunch of literature they think is true, but I think it's a real oversimplification.
And I'm very weirded out by the fact that Dave's here, but it's all good.
I think Dave works for CHD now, which is interesting.
Oh, sorry, wrong spacebar.
for as long as we've known about cancers, are slow.
It takes to develop.
Blood cancers, typically a few years for blood cancers, and decades for solid tumors.
It could be that interferon is also released by cancerous cells.
I'm not really sure, but I would go, you know, somebody in the chat just said that Dr. Judy is big on interferon, and that's true.
To me, Interferon represents something of a...
limited handhold that maybe the let's say biosecurity state or the NIH or the or DARPA or whoever these people are that work on the immune system for public health reasons.
Interferon is one of these signals that they use as a proxy for activation.
So I think one of the reasons why they know so much about interferon is because if they test for it and they find it then they can also think that maybe there will be antibodies to the thing that
cause the interferon to be released.
And so it's also something that is very likely figured into any designer protein they've ever made.
Any, let's say, you know, identified epitope at EpiVax that they might have worked on at EpiVax would have had
to figure in the idea that maybe we can put a little piece of interferon on here.
And if you did that, and then you transfected people to a piece of interferon or a overlapping sequence of interferon, you would also expect this downside of, well, if you get antibodies to that part, that would suck.
And the assumption
Maybe I'm going too far here, but the assumption I think that people in this space would make is that interferon is a self-protein, and so your body would already have no T-cells to recognize it.
And so it would be a safe addition to any designer protein.
And so for me, if you were worried about
a designer protein that you were going to transfix people to that had some overlap with interferon and you were worried that a subset of people might develop an antibody to it, then the best way to to nip that in the bud would be to tell a story about the novel virus doing the same thing.
And so for me,
At some point in 2021, I started to reverse that story in my head and think, wow, they laid that early on with these meddlers saying that, oh, look, there's anti-interferon antibodies.
And that really came into my head when I learned about EpiVax and what they were looking for and how they were designing proteins and adding epitopes.
And it dawned on me that one of the things they might do is add a little piece of interferon, assuming that because it's a self-protein, you wouldn't make antibodies to it.
Anyway, I hope that made some sense.
No, it makes sense.
And someone, you said in the chat, Judy is big on it too.
Yeah.
I just searched on it.
It was also brought up in a 2016 article with Jill Glasspool Malone, Robert Malone, Sina Bavari, and Veronica Soloveva regarding Zika vaccines.
And they had a discussion that said Zika infection of the recipient host requires viral envelope protein binding and particle uptake into susceptible cells.
It is mediated by specific receptors, which include DC-sign, AXL, Tyro3, TIM1, and triggers transcriptional activation of toll-like receptor 3, or TLR3, RIG, MDA, and interferon-stimulated genes, including OAS2, IG, ISG15, and MX1, and beta-interferon.
We know that he's also involved in that.
And the Zika vaccine, they were all looking at DNA and mRNA forms of having a Zika vaccine.
Obviously that didn't roll out because the Zika epidemic, pandemic, whatever, ended in time.
I do suspect that a lot of those technologies were ready to go and were probably just rebranded and rolled into SARS.
the SARS, you know, the COVID-19 SARS-CoV-2 response.
So anyway, more reasons why finally everyone's all on the same stage right now.
Yeah, exactly.
With the musical.
Sorry.
No, no, it's good.
That's a good point.
It's a good, that's what we're here for.
mRNA and DNA vaccines, these genetic injections, are devastating the immune system.
We know that's happening already, but now we're seeing a consequence of that devastated immune system.
It's an acceleration of tumors that were probably already in you to begin with, were benign, probably go away on their own, you'd never know you had it.
But once your immune system is really, really depressed, now these things can develop rapidly.
Not only that, but the spike protein itself binds to certain families of genes in our body that suppress cancers.
It's a whole family of genes called p53.
And there are several studies showing that this spike protein can bind to that.
And so here he's quoting in vitro studies where the spike protein is produced in vitro in a cell culture, and then they look for interaction in a gel, or they look at interaction in some other way.
And so all of these things prove really nothing about number one, whether the spike protein produced in your body is the same one used in that experiment.
It doesn't prove a lot of these interactions are happening in your body, but they
they happen when you put those two things in an otherwise empty dish.
So it's tricky for me.
I don't like the enthusiasm with which these people present what I know to be in vitro data as definitive high fidelity results that transfer directly to your body.
I don't like that.
And I don't like the idea.
I get
more and more angry the more I realized that placebo was so easy.
Like it's so obvious that they use placebo in order to get away with this.
And it just, it drives me bananas.
P53, the tumor suppressor protein P53 and the tumor susceptibility gene 101 or TSG 101 are involved in a complex regulatory loop that controls the level of P53, MDM2 and other proteins.
It would be nice if he said that.
Because the only person that Sina Bavari ever tried to hire as a young female assistant in his laboratory was named Jennifer Garris.
And she was killed in a murder-suicide at the end of 2018.
She's the only one that ever said no.
The other ones kept working with Bavari, and they're all fine and rich.
And was she working on that?
Was she working on that?
Yeah, that was her thing.
And she also, when Venki Ramakrishnan was doing his presentation during his Nobel Prize or whatever it is, ceremony, he showed a picture of several people that he worked with closely at Utah that were part of his career in determining how the ribosome was mapped out.
I fell off my chair, because dead in the center was a picture of Jennifer Garris.
No one talks about this shit.
I'm sorry to curse.
Wow.
Everyone's got all their expertise, you know?
And unless it involves a Jew or Epstein, it's not interesting to anyone.
I'm just gonna start making up stories that Epstein was involved in TSG 101.
Maybe then.
Oh yeah, TSG 101.
They experimented on kids in caves or some shit.
It's the Zionist protein.
Just make up shit like that.
Whitney Webb and Polly, can you please start looking at TSG 101?
I swear to God, it involves the murder of Jennifer Garris and Epstein.
You have to tweet that though, otherwise- Look at all those fucking guitars in the background.
You can't even listen, you watch one of my shows.
And then that tumor suppressor family can't function properly, which allows cancers to take off.
Sorry, sorry for the- No, it's all good.
We're destroying their immune systems to the point where they can't resist the cancer.
And the cancer cells are now growing like they are in cell culture.
They don't have anything impeding their ability to proliferate.
I reported to VAERS right away.
I just find it very frustrating that Ryan Cole and David Rasnick are so serious and so sure that the immune system is being suppressed by the transfection, and that's what's enabling the cancers.
And that's it.
They know now.
It's totally explained.
And I find that, again, it's dropping a ball because by
by offering such a simple explanation, it's very, very easy for anyone who spends any amount of time to figure out that that's not sufficient.
And if they're interested in having Fauci or someone else confirmed, then that insufficiency will be enough for them to go right back to Fauci or right back to all these people and say, I guess these guys aren't lying.
And they state it with such incredible confidence.
Unbelievable.
We see a connection between these two things.
I have no idea what a TSG101 is.
All I know is how to search for it.
And I find it popping up in various places.
And I'm like, OK, there's some connections here that someone needs to explain.
But I'm not going to suddenly show you a picture of, oh, it twists this way.
And it must do this to the immune system.
I have no idea.
I don't pretend to.
I think it would, I think it would be a certainty that they state this stuff is really misleads people.
Yeah, I think it would be really, really much more powerful if they say that neither the NIH nor us know what's happening.
We only know that there is a striking correlation between people exposed to these materials and all of this bouquet of bad outcomes.
And why offer any more explanation than that unless it is
It's just frustrating again.
You're just an it feels like you're just a number and it's just a data collection it's not even a follow-up to You know
And they do this to the parents of children who are injured by the original, current, existing vaccine schedule.
And again, why aren't we telling these adults?
There should be one time where every one of these adults gets sat down and say, okay, you realize that the same exact laws, the protections, the lack of
of incentive to make anything safe, the lack of requirement to test, these are all missing from the regular childhood vaccine schedule.
So use this as an opportunity to wake up, my friend.
And they don't, they're not.
If you're okay, they get to judge.
They get to judge whether or not this is my new normal and this is what I have to fight every day.
This is better than what I was before.
She was in the bed for basically a year before she could actually talk and be present because it was so bad.
I mean, she would have anywhere from 15 to 30 mini seizures throughout the day.
I'm starting to go into one.
Are you having an episode right now?
Yeah, of course, yeah.
Do you need me to stop filming?
Nah, I'm okay.
I'm okay.
I'll be all right.
What else am I supposed to do?
I know.
This is the life that I have now.
I can't even have my grandbabies.
Hold my... Babysit my grandp... Sorry.
Is he okay?
Yeah, he's fine.
He's just flossing.
No, it's the sonic.
I can't push it back.
This is too Madonna.
Too Madonna.
This is not a quality of life, you know?
It's when you start thinking, OK, how do I end my life?
Life's different.
We're fortunate, blessed.
You know what I would go so far as to say?
I think what's extraordinary here is that we are seeing that
that hot batches of transfection are single dose nasties.
I actually think that when you're just injecting an adjuvant and some recombinant proteins that you do need multiple exposure and that you have to get comparatively much more unlucky.
My guess is the only reason why every single person
that got transfected isn't pissed about it is because they use placebo.
That almost has to be the case.
I mean- Yeah, I agree.
I really think that's- You know, doing as good as he's doing today.
And they credit that really.
All of the doctors had one thing they agreed on, and that's because he was in such good health before he had the shots.
I went from, you know, squatting with a bar and 45s on each side and playing college softball to my physical therapy was me sitting on a table trying to lift my leg up.
I spent 31 months sitting in an infusion center getting IVIG, that's intravenous immunoglobulins, just where I can do my everyday living.
I can't, my life will never be the same ever again.
It took driving away, it took my, I'm a professional photographer.
It's interesting to hear that she got immunoglobulins.
I don't know if they were aimed at something or if they, you know, that's a weird thing to drop out there.
Why did she get those?
What did that, how does that help her and not anybody else who's, it's a weird thing to just drop in there.
I didn't get that.
I wasn't on that creative niche in my brain still doesn't function at all.
I just want,
to find someone that will help me get well and try to live the best life that I can with my family.
And the scary part is, is that let's be very honest, ladies and gentlemen, transfection is something that can potentially permanently change you as a pattern integrity.
She may have no way out.
there may be no cure for the new direction that her immune system is going and you can't turn that bus around.
That's the reason why for 40 years there's been this term called original antigenic sin.
Your immune system tends to learn in one direction and it has a hard time unlearning things.
This is the reason why you can think of it as kind of a system that constantly has the brakes on in order to make sure that it doesn't make a mistake.
And then vaccination is designed to take the brakes off and let something happen so that they can call it a product.
It's very scary to me, because that's the real prognosis.
That's the reason why I told my friend Nate, yes, I do believe that you could still die from your shot, even though you think you're fine now.
And he did die, because this is how it works.
You can't turn this bus around.
They kill mice when they're done, right?
They definitely kill mice when they're done.
You can't just keep testing it.
No.
It's one use, and then it's never the same.
Because you go through this window.
If you wanted to test the structural strength of, I don't know, maybe this was a piece of steel, right?
If you want to see how strong it was, you apply pressure to it.
under you know different uh all at one point where you distribute the load you measure it and then you don't use the same piece and then test it again because you've already stressed it you don't keep reusing the same point so once you're done testing it you kind of throw it back into the fire you need to make it again it's it's done if you want to test the strength of a piece of wood like from an engineering standpoint you test it once
And that's it.
It's not the same piece after the test.
You've damaged it in one way or another.
It's not the same piece.
So testing on humans thus is very expensive.
The investment, money, time spiritually into one human being is a multi-million dollar investment.
I mean, even just from the cold calculating standpoint.
So yeah, so they're using placebos and I don't, I mean, you and I may have different opinions on this, but I don't believe that the plan was ever to roll out all of these mRNA, DNA shots at once.
They were supposed to have had a surge in COVID in early 2020.
because of, I don't know, a separation of people and distancing and masks and hospital protocols or events or whatever, they were supposed to get COVID under control.
And then Fauci and Bright and the head of the CDC, they all said the same thing, 18 to 36 months, we will have a vaccine.
and that's it.
There was gonna be no more COVID.
They were supposed to have solved COVID, no warp speed.
Well, do you think they were just gonna take all the vaccines that were already manufactured and just throw them away?
they were gonna roll them out slowly, probably even using placebo-type methodology into the population, probably with flu shots, and to see what happened.
And if every once in a while somebody died, well, shit happens.
And they'll probably test positive for COVID, and then they can say COVID is still out there.
And that's why people will need to take their COVID shots when they're actually officially available.
That's what was supposed to happen.
So even this is a response to a narrative that didn't go exactly as planned.
It was not supposed to be this massive rollout.
They're trying to make lemonade out of the lemons, I guess, but this was not the plan.
but yeah you you're the only person jay that's articulating it clearly these must be placebos for all of the reasons which i don't think you've done a good job yet at putting it into a list like these are the reasons why it's pretty obviously or most likely a placebo right i mean you just said another one of them you know uh the fact that people don't seem to slowly get their cardiac problems it's like
everything's fine, and then you're almost dying or you do die.
That is a very binary type of response.
That's not a slow measured response.
I think one devil's advocate position would be that, and you've felt this too, that one of the things that they've been trying to push on us is the idea that these were rushed.
And so that's why they're contaminated or whatever.
And so you could also see where you could blame the rush on the fact that Donald Trump made warp speed so fast and then now,
When the truth comes out, it'll be like, well, at least part of the reason why we rushed it was because Donald Trump made us rush.
I mean, I don't know, this is just minor business, but anyway.
No, no, no, and that kind of started after Warp Speed.
There was no discussion of rushing and contamination early on.
No.
You could actually see, just do the metadata searches.
That happens after Warp Speed was announced.
because there was going to be no more ability to, you know, probably bleed these out or leak them out into the general population with other type of shots.
Yeah.
So then they started this.
Well, you know, contaminated vaccines.
Those are no good.
So I mean, I or everyone.
I mean, so many of us have had people impacted or killed by this.
You can have to.
Yeah.
I really think that you have a lot of, there's a lot of interesting data points to support this idea that they accelerated the timeline.
One of them is AstraZeneca.
It was barely out.
I mean, they didn't give it any time to go anywhere and they could have, you know, AstraZeneca could have been the first thing with Johnson & Johnson and left it go even longer if they wanted to, but somehow it did feel sped up.
And so, yeah, it's hard to say.
We're never going to probably know.
It is about your sister?
It is about my sister.
Okay, tell us what happens.
Take us back to when this occurred.
Unfortunately, the story's really short.
That's it.
She takes the shot.
Ten days later, she's dead.
Her daughter got her heart starting.
This is the hard part.
And the, um, EMTs came.
They put her in the ambulance.
I believe they had to start her heart again.
They took her to a hospital, and they diagnosed brain aneurysm.
The reason I'm here, she can't speak for herself, and it has to stop.
It has to stop.
These things have to be off the market, because they are dangerous.
And you know what?
Mykel's one of the lucky ones, because she's not suffering like a lot of other people are from these vaccinations.
One Madonna.
There's another one one just one he was killed by the Pfizer vaccine He only took one shot.
He took only one shot.
You see this doesn't this and I Think it was placebo for sure He passed away suddenly
Uh, he had been feeling, um, chest pains in the morning, around one o'clock in the morning.
The only people that I lost during my entire life during high school were two kids that were two years younger than me on our basketball team were coming back from a, from, um, university of Wisconsin, Stout and Menominee.
And they got hit head on by a drunk driver and were killed instantly.
Those are the only two people of young age in my life.
at the time when I was young that ever died.
I don't know anybody that dropped dead on a football field.
I don't know anybody who dropped dead in their bed.
And so for me, I mean, I don't know what to say other than we need to wake people up.
Obviously this is happening, but I think the only reason why it didn't happen more often is because they dosed it and they placeboed it.
I went to Trumbull High School in Connecticut.
I think the total size was
1800 students, maybe four or 500 a class, I forget the exact number.
And I wasn't exactly a very social person, so I might have missed something, but I only know, I know that there were two kids that died during the four-year period, you know, of high school.
And they were in a, they were just, they were driving recklessly, they went off the road.
Two, maybe even three kids died in that accident.
I don't know of a single fatal drug overdose,
or anything else during that four-year period, which is very different now, where you could have a small memorial garden filled with drug overdose deaths just for every high school graduation in some areas.
Dude, I can tell you a story that will, in retrospect, maybe, I'm still shocked because it doesn't come to my head very often, but the first week of school, after we moved to Pittsburgh, we didn't even understand what was going on.
This is in 2016.
We brought our son to the school and out in front of the school, a mom got out of her minivan, collapsed on the ground and died.
and it turned out to be an overdose.
And those kids ended up moving with their stepfather across the street from us in Pittsburgh, and our kids became friends.
But like within the first week that we were here, their mom died at our school on the pavement when we were like, what, what?
A mom died at school?
You never told me this.
And we never found out until- They never told me this, guys.
Months later that this lady had died of an overdose.
And it was like,
We still, you know, every time those girls would come up to our house and jump on our trampoline, it was like, I still can't believe that that's the lady that died on the sixth day we were at school in Pittsburgh.
It was nuts, dude.
And it still, all the way up until meeting you, never came clear to me that this was happening in America.
It just wasn't on the news.
It wasn't on my radar.
I was working too hard.
you know, lost in being a young father and trying to make it as an academic.
And it even happened at my kid's school, and our neighbors were affected by it, and it still was not consciously in my awareness.
and not ashamed of it, I'm just shocked that the control of our attention was so thorough.
I mean, and this, I apologize to the people watching who wanna get back to the movie, but just a second here.
I mean, you know, the number of people who died last year, the US government isn't even releasing all of the data properly anymore, but it's about 3 million, 33 million, 200,000 or something like that.
died of all causes last year within the United States of America, approximately.
And with 120,000 fatal drug overdoses, I mean, it's very simple math.
That means one out of every 30 deaths, all causes, was a drug overdose.
One out of 30.
And most of those were age, average age I think is about 27 to 29.
And okay, I'd be willing to suggest that that is something that should be an election issue.
even Trump won't talk about it.
I mean, I give him rope because I know families who've worked with him and still have faith in him.
So I hold back a little bit out of respect for a variety of reasons.
Okay, I have reasons, but he's not even talking about it publicly.
Sure as hell, Kamala's not talking about it or Biden, but how can that not even come up?
And if it did come up, well, people would have to start thinking, well,
maybe over the last few years that had something to do with the data of increased mortality, dropping life expectancy that led to people to taking these shots that killed people on the first use of it.
Don't wanna say that, instead, this show actually started with Pierre Kory.
Now I'll tie it in like that.
A man who on his Jimmy Dore time denied that there was any role
and increasing deaths of drug overdoses having anything to do with chopping life expectancy in the United States.
He actually went out of his way to say that.
Jessica Rose said that as well.
And that's not mentioned in here.
It's not the whole story.
It's a huge story.
It's not the entire story of all the horrible things that have happened, but it's like the list you keep saying with repetitiveness, Jay, which I think is the right thing to do.
How can you tell the whole story without listing out these several things?
It's not factored in at all.
And it even impacts, in many ways, kids.
Children's health defense, they won't talk about it.
Either the teenagers who are killed or kids growing up without parents.
Somehow, children's health defense misses this.
And even if they don't wanna be focused on overdoses, which I could respect, right?
Even at least mention it from the perspective of maybe these are reasons to not take these transfections which have killed people, they won't mention it.
I'm not, I'm really, I'm also really not down with the idea anymore that, you know, when we were children or young adults or not young adults, when we were children, when we were students in school, there were groups like D.A.R.E.
and we would get these like lectures about how you have to just say no to drugs.
And the drugs that we were saying no to at the time when we were kids were basically keg parties.
And maybe if you lived close enough to a big city, also weed, but
In northern Wisconsin, we were being given the same pitch that people were being given in New York City, even though we didn't have access to anything really dangerous other than kegs.
And for me, as a neurobiologist who has read a lot of literature about
the circuitry of cocaine and the circuitry of heroin and how this hijacks the brain of a rat to behave in a certain way and that we know, we know that the circuits that are hijacked and the way that they are hijacked is a physiological change that kind of traps the animal within that circuit.
if you take the the tv upstairs and you program only two channels into it and then you give the remote control to your kid and don't the kid doesn't know how to to reprogram the tv then there's only two channels there and and and that reprogramming if they can't figure out how to do it then they're stuck with those two channels
And it is very equivalent to what happens in extreme cases of addiction where the circuitry of the brain is changed in such a way so that the correct output of behavior is almost impossible to generate.
And so there's a tremendous amount of physiological change that needs to happen in order for that person to recover.
And with these drugs that are now available on the street, there are levels of physiological changes that occur
that you cannot blame people for in the same way that you could blame somebody who throws their life away on cocaine over three years.
It is just not the same at all.
Oh, there's so many differences.
I mean, everything you said is has truth to it.
But even looking at a very simple level, we don't even need to need to you don't need to know a lick of biology, OK?
The drug problems of the 1980s did not have a statistical impact on our demographics.
Now they do.
Now, I know most of what you said is true, but they did not cause life expectancy drops that were measured on the national level in the 80s.
Yes, they impacted some areas more.
And yes, it is absolutely true that some,
demographics were impacted more.
But even as much as the crack epidemic tended to impact impoverished Black Americans more than white Americans, on a statistical level, it did not cause life expectancy to go down.
I'm not defending it.
I'm just saying, now it does.
So whatever has changed, okay, you don't even need to get into the biology.
That data alone warrants
conversation, especially since it's not even just the problem in isolation.
It is then used as part of the oxygen issue, as part of a known bubble, and more people dying because of older age, and so on, to create a base of this perception where maybe people should be taking this vaccine, experimental vaccine, which then in and of itself kills more people.
So
So the vax, not vax issue is just, well, maybe we just need a safer vaccine.
I don't know if there's any discussion at all in this movie to suggest that maybe, maybe this wasn't even necessary in the first place.
You know, they don't even have to take it to the point of murder with oxygen, although they should.
They don't even have to go there, but they won't even, I don't even think they hinted that in this movie.
It's such, it's so bad.
The whole Vaxxed mission has been just misled on this movie.
I'm sorry to hijack it with a lot of words there.
No, you're not hijacking anything.
Thank you for giving me the platform to say that.
You're not hijacking anything.
are playing a role of God right now and taking lives, and you cannot do that.
You know, the benefit didn't outweigh anything, you know.
You can't, you know, pick and choose.
I pushed the other day this study that was done in Scotland and nowhere else really about how many people were killed
there that were starved, that died of urinary tract infection or of thirst.
And I find it really sad, actually, that more is not being said about these people.
I mean... I have really good news.
Today, our nation has achieved a medical miracle.
We have delivered a safe and effective vaccine in just nine months.
This is one of the greatest scientific accomplishments in history.
The vaccines, let me say it again, are safe.
They are safe.
It's a really interesting message if they were really, I mean, it almost seems like they're telling you there's no good choice here.
It's a really interesting message they just put out there, actually.
And they are free.
And they are effective.
And it is that simple.
The pandemic may have begun in China, but we are ending it right here in America.
of a
the government would lie in a way that would kill millions of people or disabled millions of people.
They can't fathom that.
If you hadn't been vaccine injured or you didn't have a loved one and you understood that they were vaccine injured, you didn't know about how dangerous vaccines were.
Robert Malone says Mary Holland and Catherine Austin Fitz are both bad guys in that 2022 substack race, says that
Jane Ruby and George Webb are all bad guys too.
He also says that these two ladies are bad guys.
He did?
Remember that for a hundred years the American public has been inculcated with these ideas vaccines are safe and effective, vaccines are safe and effective, vaccines are safe and effective.
And the information about vaccine injury had been censored for a long time.
Most
Americans and most people around the world would have had no idea that if you got a vaccine, you could become paralyzed, you could have a stroke, you could have a neurodegenerative injury, you could die.
Most people, that would not enter into their consciousness that it could be that severe.
I'm Claire Dooley, I'm 24 years old, and I'm the videographer on the Children's Health Defense Bus.
Hi, my name is Caroline McGrady, and I am the outside manager for the Children's Health Defense Bus.
I was expecting- Am I weird in thinking that the movie shouldn't be about these people at all?
That they should be in the credits?
Am I being weird by saying that?
I don't think so.
This is weird.
well any opportunity to put you know attractive females on the video they're gonna do it
At first, when we were listening to these stories, it was easy to isolate it to the specific hospital.
But once we kept traveling and hearing the same exact story, we were absolutely shocked.
And it wasn't just one, it was all.
All of the hospitals were doing the exact same thing.
They all came on, they all told the same exact story, and all these commonalities started rising out of it.
But whenever one person after the next, after the next, after the next, comes in and says the same exact thing, you really start wondering, did these people really die of COVID?
That's a nice house.
You're doing a great job, Grace.
Grace had Down syndrome, as you know.
And she could do everything.
She could public speak.
She played violin.
She could read, write.
There's nothing she couldn't do.
Oh, you're doing great.
I taught her how to drive a car.
She deer hunted with me.
What happens that Grace ended up even going to hospital in the first place?
Yeah, that's maybe the most important question.
The most important question and they didn't answer it.
What happened is on the morning of October 6th,
Grace's oxygen saturation dropped to 88%, and we perceive that as an emergency because the protocol said if that number drops below 94%, admit yourself to the hospital.
Did she look like she needed it?
And that's the FLCCC protocol.
And they're not saying that in this interview.
It's not that Scott didn't say it.
It's that they made it edit.
Did she go to hospital?
No, she had a cold.
Emergency room physician said, well, I think as a preventative, let's just check Grace into the hospital for three, four days, put her on oxygen and a steroid and get her home.
And I thought, well, that makes sense.
Did everyone catch that?
She had a cold.
She would not have gone to the hospital if she had a cold.
Everyone gets a cold.
Not even sure all the reasons why people get cold.
She had a cold.
Usually, we don't think go to the hospital if you have a cold.
You know, you tough it out.
You rest, whatever.
She went to the hospital because somebody wrote a protocol regarding a pulse oximeter that spat out a number.
which maybe isn't even accurate or mean anything.
And Scott responded to that.
That's why she went to the hospital, where if she probably just sat in a bed, I don't know, maybe took some ibuprofen, some water, some rest, she probably would have gone home.
But the protocol, once you get to the hospital, wasn't just to relax, take an ibuprofen or whatever, maybe an
heaven forbid, an antibiotic if someone has a temperature.
No, now you're getting oxygen because that stupid pulse oximeter said, oh, it's a low number, and people shouldn't get oxygen unless they, under very specific circumstances.
And she got a lot of oxygen, which caused her health to rapidly deteriorate.
That's the real story here.
Three days, let's check her into the hospital for a few days, give her oxygen,
and a steroid.
And what did Robert Malone tell us that these steroids do?
They suppress the immune system like a hammer.
I mean, dude, it's gross because giving somebody pure oxygen and dexamethasone is exactly how you get them to get ARDS.
It is disturbing.
It is fricking disturbing.
and I know that Scott explained it to them.
that Scott said this, because Scott told you he said that, and it's not here.
So somebody made a decision, one of those, I doubt it was the attractive 20-year-old girls that just gave their testimony to us.
Somebody made a decision to be like, there's not enough room in here for those details to be shared.
Someone made that decision.
A fun day with my best buddy.
She was so, she was a blessing, Polly.
She was a special kid.
Now that we have the records, we see that... Quite frankly, I'm surprised that Scott hasn't gone bananas.
You know, the guy from France, all those years ago, was named De Gaulle, that also had a Down syndrome daughter who he loved his whole life as the most precious thing in the world.
And I don't know anybody that has a Down syndrome sibling that doesn't think they are the purest soul in the world.
They're different.
Obviously they're different.
And they're mostly different in a way that makes regular people feel ashamed of themselves sometimes.
And I think that if anything I get from Scott's description of his daughter, she was exactly one of these kinds of angels.
It's just...
The idea that this guy doesn't scream and yell online is absolutely a testament to how much better of a man he is than I am.
A anesthesia drug called Prasodex was started on the 9th.
I'm the healthcare power of attorney.
Why wasn't I told what they're doing?
Prasodex is supposed to only be used for 3-4 hours for anesthesia, for surgery.
and the package insert for that med says that if you use it for more than 24 hours, it causes acute respiratory failure.
If you look at Grace's death certificate, go all the way to October 13th, and their death certificate says, first cause of death, acute respiratory failure with hypoxemia.
So it's a cause and effect for using Procidex for more than 24 hours.
She was on Procidex from October 9th.
through.
Thank you.
I'm glad that they included that.
I will.
I will take back that they cut out everything.
I'm glad that they at least included that.
It's not the whole story, but thank God they put that in.
Yes.
637 p.m.
the day of her death.
That's five full days.
I'm a medical coder.
And what does that mean?
You look at medical records, every kind of medical record, all the diagnostics.
You take that information and you put it into a code which goes to insurance.
And that's how hospitals and physicians get paid.
So if I do my job right, then the physician and the hospital make the most money and they don't get sued for fraud.
I worked the ER during the start and height of COVID.
I would hear patients come in if they'd have COVID.
They weren't sick enough to be admitted, but sick enough to get maybe some treatment.
I knew doctors were doing steroids occasionally just to help with some of the respiratory and coughing.
But I would hear doctors say, sorry, there's no treatment.
There's nothing we can do for you.
By probably August or September, we started to see the waves of patients coming in with this respiratory.
I really think that people coming in with pneumonia from their masks
if they were given dexamethasone and that's all that they can do for you, give you a steroid to decrease the symptoms and send you back home or admit you when you come back again, when you're sicker, is really, it really is a very important part of this.
I can remember for many, many, almost two years straight, the guy with the bow tie, Ed Griffin or Dr. Griffin that streams with Vincent Ransom Yellow saying that,
Just a reminder, at the beginning of every show for like a whole year, he was saying, just a reminder, antibiotics don't work on viral pneumonia.
And he would repeat it every time he started his show.
And I really believe that this is so important to understand that if for my leg infection that I had a few months ago, if I wasn't given antibiotics, I would have eventually probably died of sepsis.
That's how it works.
um and you can't have an advanced uh pneumonia and and have it go systemic and and have that go well like without antibiotics it's just not possible respiratory illness even then because i think the hospitals were trying to avoid overcrowding the system that we were not admitting patients like we should have
The other thing that I wanted to bring up here, we're not going to get through the movie, I gotta go to basketball soon, is that I went to the doctor to get that fixed and I had to go to a crappy kind of med-express thing.
And that med-express thing was, how do I say it, it was...
It feels like a place that is very business-like and they have a lot of signs up, you know, that are very general like, you know, social distancing, we still do it here, this kind of thing.
And one of the things that I noticed that was in the examination room, but also on every table in the waiting room,
was a fact sheet about when antibiotics are appropriate.
And one of the things that said at the top was, do not ask your doctor for antibiotics.
The doctor knows when antibiotics are necessary.
which is an extraordinary thing to have at the top of this piece of paper.
Yes.
Do not ask your doctor for antibiotics, which is extraordinary.
Like what?
So then this sheet, I took pictures of them.
I was going to do a whole show about it before, but it went into the bin of, I got to do that later.
And I really think this is all,
I mean, we have to, there's so much history to gather here yet, and there's so much, so many details that matter about how they were able to murder people for a couple years and get away with it.
And although I think there are parts of this movie that are obviously very good, this part with Scott was pretty, pretty solid.
There's just a whole bunch of this movie that's not solid and there's no excuse for it.
There really isn't.
They left in more than I thought.
That's the first time I watched it.
I heard from several people who talked with Scott that they cut out important parts.
So I didn't know that they left that in.
They still could have mentioned the oxygen level because our talks,
toxic oxygen level because, and I think that would have been better, of course, because a lot of people received supplemental oxygen.
Not many people received that indiscriminate excessive use of the, was it a steroid, right?
Yeah, yeah.
So that was, and yeah, yeah, you're right, Jay.
I mean, just giving everyone endless antibiotics is not,
the cure to good health.
They should be used only when necessary, but a bacterial infection.
With people who already have damaged immune systems, we probably need more antibiotics than we should because we've already damaged our immune systems.
That's another part to figure in.
and anyways I'm sorry I know you need to get to your basketball camp and I just got pinged I need to start doing laundry too so we can continue this later if you want sure
I mean, I don't know.
We probably shouldn't waste much of our time on it anymore.
But will you do a stream tonight?
You're usually a Sunday night guy.
I look forward to an 8 o'clock stream.
Yeah, I may do a stream tonight.
I did a little something earlier.
There is more on later on.
The only spoiler I'll give is that it does include some solid Corey time.
Oh.
where he will lecture us that ivermectin was the cure to the pandemic.
Really?
Oh, no.
Oh, wow.
Oh, yeah.
All we needed was ivermectin, baby.
Well, then it looks like Brett Weinstein was right.
All right.
Well, I am going to cut it short.
I think it's smarter that way.
Otherwise, we could be here all afternoon.
So where are you?
Where do you want people to find you first?
Are you going to go out live on YouTube?
Are you doing Twitch now exclusively?
I'm in a weird suspended state of my life to account now also.
So nothing's been going to YouTube.
I think that will change in another
I'm working on it.
They're being tough.
But nothing, there's almost nothing on YouTube right now.
So just, you know, I post copies of everything to Twitch and, not Twitch, excuse me, Rumble and BitChute.
And I usually live stream to Twitch, but I can't leave it on there.
You've been posting to BitChute long enough to get a sweatshirt or something already, haven't you?
Believe it or not.
I have like five shirts from them.
Oh, wow hats, you know, unfortunately Well, i'm a i'm a big american and the european size are a little bit smaller so You know, uh, uh, you know, they're they're they're xl is like are you kidding me?
Yeah.
Yeah, I see you know anyways
Um, yeah, no, I like, I like that platform, at least if they, I can put it up and it's, it's, it's always there.
They never take anything down.
They're very kind and respectful.
And, uh, but yeah, uh, those two platforms and yeah, I'll stream something tonight, even if I, even if I just post something that I record today, I don't know, but all right.
Thank you for this.
I appreciate it.
Keep up the great work, man.
You bet.
Thanks dude.
See you soon.
Ladies and gentlemen, we need a vaccine, a new consensus about the vaccine schedule in America, about transfection, about RNA.
If you liked what you saw, go to hucitonicits.com and find a way to share Mark's work, maybe even find a way to support him on Patreon, something like that.
And if you like the work that I'm doing, please go to gigaohmbiological.com and find a way to support this stream or share it as well.
And if you have any critiques about how stream.gigaohm.bio works or how it's organized or what could be better, please post something at the soapbox and let me know because if it's not working well live, if it's not working well on the replay, we need to figure it out.
Maybe we need to upgrade the server, et cetera.
Thank you very much for coming.
Have a great Sunday and I will see you again tomorrow.
A brief one in the afternoon, because in the morning I think I have an away game tomorrow.
And also maybe an away game on Tuesday, because Tuesday is the UK Doctors for COVID Ethics, where I will be speaking with Sukrit Bhakti, which is a really, really, I hope is going to be like a really awakening moment, you know, where we get
We have some clarity, so I don't know.
Tuesday could be a big deal.
And I don't know.
Anyway, thanks, Mark.
Thanks, everybody.
See you again soon.
Aw, shoot.
Dum-dum.